ROADMAP.md, before:

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD036 -->
# Roadmap

Current status reflect the contents of the master branch of this repository.

## PHP modules compare

**Legend**:

* &#x2705; available in project
* &#x274C; not available in project
* &#x2714; always enabled and cannot be disabled

| Name | Description | Devilbox | this project |
| :--- | :---------- | :------- | :----------- |
| | Total available | 103 | 113 |
| amqp | [The amqp PHP Extension](https://pecl.php.net/package/amqp) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| apc | [The apc PHP Extension](https://pecl.php.net/package/APC) | &#x2705; | &#x274C; |
| apcu | [The apcu PHP Extension](https://pecl.php.net/package/APCu) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| ast | [The ast PHP Extension](https://pecl.php.net/package/ast)    | &#x274C; | &#x2705; |
| bcmath | [The bcmath PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/bcmath) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| blackfire | [The blackfire probe Extension](https://www.blackfire.io/) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| bz2 | [The bz2 PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/bz2) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| calendar | [The calendar PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/calendar) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| Core | The Core PHP Extension | &#x2714; | &#x2714; |
| ctype | [The ctype PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/ctype) | &#x2714; | &#x2714; |
| curl | [The curl PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/curl) | &#x2714; | &#x2714; |
| date | [The date PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/date) | &#x2714; | &#x2714; |
| dba | [The dba PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/dba) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| dom | [The dom PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/dom) | &#x2714; | &#x2714; |
| enchant | [The enchant PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/enchant) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| ereg | [The ereg PHP Extension](https://pecl.php.net/package/ereg) | &#x2714; | &#x2714; |
| exif | [The exif PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/exif) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| ffi | [The FFI PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/ffi) | &#x2714; | &#x2714; |
| fileinfo | [The fileinfo PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/fileinfo) | &#x2714; | &#x2714; |
| filter | [The filter PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/filter) | &#x2714; | &#x2714; |
| ftp | [The ftp PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/ftp) | &#x2714; | &#x2714; |
| gd | [The gd PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/gd) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| geoip | [The geoip PHP Extension](https://pecl.php.net/package/geoip) | &#x274C; | &#x2705; |
| gettext | [The gettext PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/gettext) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| gmp | [The gmp PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/gmp) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| hash | [The hash PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/hash) | &#x2714; | &#x2714; |
| http | [The http PHP Extension](https://pecl.php.net/package/pecl_http) | &#x274C; | &#x2705; |
| iconv | [The iconv PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/iconv) | &#x2714; | &#x2714; |
| igbinary | [The igbinary PHP Extension](https://pecl.php.net/package/igbinary) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| imagick | [The imagick PHP Extension](https://pecl.php.net/package/imagick) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| imap | [The imap PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/imap) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| interbase | [The interbase PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/PHP-7.3/ext/interbase) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| intl | [The intl PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/intl) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| ioncube | [Loader for ionCube Secured Files](https://www.ioncube.com/loaders.php) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| jsmin | [The jsmin PHP Extension](https://pecl.php.net/package/jsmin) | &#x274C; | &#x2705; |
| json   | [The json PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/json) | &#x2714; | &#x2714; |
| ldap | [The ldap PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/ldap) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| libxml | [The libxml PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/libxml) | &#x2714; | &#x2714; |
| lzf | [The lzf PHP Extension](https://pecl.php.net/package/lzf) | &#x274C; | &#x2705; |
| mailparse | [The mailparse PHP Extension](https://pecl.php.net/package/mailparse) | &#x274C; | &#x2705; |
| mbstring | [The mbstring PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/mbstring) | &#x2714; | &#x2714; |
| mcrypt | [The mcrypt PHP Extension](https://pecl.php.net/package/mcrypt) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| memcache | [The memcache PHP Extension](https://pecl.php.net/package/memcache) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| memcached | [The memcached PHP Extension](https://pecl.php.net/package/memcached) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| mhash | The mhash PHP Extension | &#x2714; | &#x2714; |
| mongo | [The mongo PHP Extension](https://pecl.php.net/package/mongo) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| mongodb | [The mongodb PHP Extension](https://pecl.php.net/package/mongodb) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| msgpack | [The msgpack PHP Extension](https://pecl.php.net/package/msgpack) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| mysql | [The mysql PHP Extension](https://pecl.php.net/package/mysql) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| mysqli | [The mysqli PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/mysqli) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| mysqlnd | [The mysqlnd PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/mysqlnd) | &#x2714; | &#x2714; |
| oauth | [The oauth PHP Extension](https://pecl.php.net/package/oauth) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| oci8 | [The oci8 PHP Extension](https://pecl.php.net/package/oci8) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| opcache | [The opcache PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/Zend) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| openssl | [The openssl PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/openssl) | &#x2714; | &#x2714; |
| pcntl | [The pcntl PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/pcntl) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| pcre | [The pcre PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/pcre) | &#x2714; | &#x2714; |
| pdo | [The pdo PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/pdo) | &#x2714; | &#x2714; |
| pdo_dblib | [The pdo_dblib PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/pdo_dblib) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| pdo_firebird | [The pdo_firebird PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/pdo_firebird) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| pdo_mysql | [The pdo_mysql PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/pdo_mysql) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| pdo_oci | [The pdo_oci PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/pdo_oci) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| pdo_odbc | [The pdo_odbc PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/pdo_odbc) | &#x274C; | &#x2705; |
| pdo_pgsql | [The pdo_pgsql PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/pdo_pgsql) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| pdo_sqlite | [The pdo_sqlite PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/pdo_sqlite) | &#x2714; | &#x2714; |
| pdo_sqlsrv | [The pdo_sqlsrv PHP Extension](https://pecl.php.net/package/pdo_sqlsrv) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| pgsql | [The pgsql PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/pgsql) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| phalcon | [The phalcon PHP Extension](https://pecl.php.net/package/phalcon) | &#x2705; | &#x274C; |
| phar | [The phar PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/phar) | &#x2714; | &#x2714; |
| posix | [The posix PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/posix) | &#x2714; | &#x2714; |
| pspell | [The pspell PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/pspell) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| psr | [The psr PHP Extension](https://pecl.php.net/package/psr) | &#x2705; | &#x274C; |
| raphf | [The raphf PHP Extension](https://pecl.php.net/package/raphf) | &#x274C; | &#x2705; |
| rdkafka | [The rdkafka PHP Extension](https://pecl.php.net/package/rdkafka) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| readline | [The readline PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/readline) | &#x2714; | &#x2714; |
| recode | [The recode PHP Extension](https://pecl.php.net/package/recode) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| redis | [The redis PHP Extension](https://pecl.php.net/package/redis) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| reflection | [The reflection PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/reflection) | &#x2714; | &#x2714; |
| session | [The session PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/session) | &#x2714; | &#x2714; |
| shmop | [The shmop PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/shmop) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| simplexml | [The simplexml PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/simplexml) | &#x2714; | &#x2714; |
| snmp | [The snmp PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/snmp) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| soap | [The soap PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/soap) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| sockets | [The sockets PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/sockets) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| sodium | [The sodium PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/sodium) | &#x2714; | &#x2714; |
| solr | [The solr PHP Extension](https://pecl.php.net/package/solr) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| spl | [The spl PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/spl) | &#x2714; | &#x2714; |
| sqlite | [The sqlite PHP Extension](https://pecl.php.net/package/SQLite) | &#x2714; | &#x2714; |
| sqlsrv | [The sqlsrv PHP Extension](https://pecl.php.net/package/sqlsrv) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| sqlite3 | [The sqlite3 PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/sqlite3) | &#x2714; | &#x2714; |
| ssh2 | [The ssh2 PHP Extension](https://pecl.php.net/package/ssh2) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| standard | [The standard PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/standard) | &#x2714; | &#x2714; |
| stomp | [The stomp PHP Extension](https://pecl.php.net/package/stomp) | &#x274C; | &#x2705; |
| swoole | [The swoole PHP Extension](https://pecl.php.net/package/swoole) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| sysvmsg | [The sysvmsg PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/sysvmsg) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| sysvsem | [The sysvsem PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/sysvsem) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| sysvshm | [The sysvshm PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/sysvshm) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| tidy | [The tidy PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/tidy) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| tokenizer | [The tokenizer PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/tokenizer) | &#x2714; | &#x2714; |
| uploadprogress | [The uploadprogress PHP Extension](https://pecl.php.net/package/uploadprogress) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| uuid | [The uuid PHP Extension](https://pecl.php.net/package/uuid) | &#x274C; | &#x2705; |
| vips | [The vips PHP Extension](https://pecl.php.net/package/vips) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| wddx | [The wddx PHP Extension](https://pecl.php.net/package/wddx) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| xdebug | [The xdebug PHP Extension](https://pecl.php.net/package/xdebug) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| xhprof | [The xhprof PHP Extension](https://pecl.php.net/package/xhprof) | &#x274C; | &#x2705; |
| xlswriter | [The xlswriter PHP Extension](https://pecl.php.net/package/xlswriter) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| xml | [The xml PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/xml) | &#x2714; | &#x2714; |
| xmldiff | [The xmldiff PHP Extension](https://pecl.php.net/package/xmldiff) | &#x274C; | &#x2705; |
| xmlreader | [The xmlreader PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/xmlreader) | &#x2714; | &#x2714; |
| xmlrpc | [The xmlrpc PHP Extension](https://pecl.php.net/package/xmlrpc) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| xmlwriter | [The xmlwriter PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/xmlwriter) | &#x2714; | &#x2714; |
| yaml | [The yaml PHP Extension](https://pecl.php.net/package/yaml) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| yar | [The yar PHP Extension](https://pecl.php.net/package/yar) | &#x274C; | &#x2705; |
| xsl | [The xsl PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/xsl) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| zip | [The zip PHP Extension](https://pecl.php.net/package/zip) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| zlib | [The zlib PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/zlib) | &#x2714; | &#x2714; |

## Tools compare

**Legend**:

* &#x2705; available in project
* &#x274C; not available in project

| Name | Description | Devilbox | this project |
| :--- | :---------- | :------- | :----------- |
| | Total available | 39 | 36 |
| awesome-ci | [Awesome Continuous Integration](https://github.com/cytopia/awesome-ci) | &#x2705; | &#x274C; |
| box | [Fast, zero config application bundler with PHARs](https://github.com/box-project/box) | &#x274C; | &#x2705; |
| cachetool | [CLI application and library to manage apc and opcache](https://github.com/gordalina/cachetool) | &#x274C; | &#x2705; |
| composer | [Dependency Manager for PHP](https://github.com/composer/composer) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| deployer | [A deployment tool written in PHP](https://github.com/deployphp/deployer) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| drupalconsole | [The Drupal CLI](https://github.com/hechoendrupal/drupal-console) | &#x2705; | &#x274C; |
| drush 7 |  | &#x2705; | &#x274C; |
| drush 8 |  | &#x2705; | &#x274C; |
| drush 9 |  | &#x2705; | &#x274C; |
| git | [Git is a free and open source distributed version control system](https://git-scm.com/) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| gitflow | [Git extensions to provide high-level repository operations](https://github.com/nvie/gitflow) | &#x2705; | &#x274C; |
| graphviz | [Graph Visualization Tools](https://graphviz.org/) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| homebrew | [The missing package manager for macOS or Linux](https://github.com/Homebrew/brew) | &#x2705; | &#x274C; |
| htop | [Interactive process viewer](https://github.com/htop-dev/htop) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| httpie | [Httpie](https://github.com/httpie/httpie) | &#x274C; | &#x2705; |
| http-prompt | [Httpie](https://github.com/httpie/http-prompt) | &#x274C; | &#x2705; |
| jq | [Command-line JSON processor](https://github.com/stedolan/jq) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| jsonlint | [A JSON parser and validator for CLI](https://github.com/zaach/jsonlint) | &#x2705; | &#x274C; |
| laravel | [The Laravel application installer](https://github.com/laravel/installer) | &#x2705; | &#x274C; |
| linkcheck | [URLs checker](https://github.com/cytopia/linkcheck) | &#x2705; | &#x274C; |
| mhsendmail | [sendmail for MailHog](https://github.com/BlueBambooStudios/mhsendmail) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| mysqldumpsecure | [Encrypted mysqldump script with compression](https://github.com/cytopia/mysqldump-secure) | &#x2705; | &#x274C; |
| nvm | [Node Version Manager](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| phalcon-devtools | [Phalcon Developer Tools](https://github.com/phalcon/phalcon-devtools) | &#x2705; | &#x274C; |
| photon-installer | [Photon CMS Installer](https://github.com/photoncms/installer) | &#x2705; | &#x274C; |
| phive | [The PHAR Installation and Verification Environment](https://github.com/phar-io/phive) | &#x274C; | &#x2705; |
| php-cs-fixer | [PHP Coding Standards Fixer](https://github.com/FriendsOfPHP/PHP-CS-Fixer) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| phpbench | [PHP Benchmarking framework](https://github.com/phpbench/phpbench) | &#x274C; | &#x2705; |
| phpcbf | [Automatically corrects coding standard violations](https://github.com/squizlabs/PHP_CodeSniffer) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| phpcs | [Detects coding standard violations](https://github.com/squizlabs/PHP_CodeSniffer) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| phpdd | [PHP Deprecation Detector](https://github.com/wapmorgan/PhpDeprecationDetector) | &#x274C; | &#x2705; |
| phpdoc | [PHP Documentor](https://github.com/phpdocumentor/phpdocumentor) | &#x274C; | &#x2705; |
| phplint v2 | [Checks PHP file syntax](https://github.com/overtrue/phplint) | &#x274C; | &#x2705; |
| phplint v3 | [Checks PHP file syntax](https://github.com/overtrue/phplint) | &#x274C; | &#x2705; |
| phpmd | [Find problems in PHP code](https://github.com/phpmd/phpmd) | &#x2705; | &#x274C; |
| phpmnd | [PHP Magic Number Detector](https://github.com/povils/phpmnd) | &#x274C; | &#x2705; |
| phpstan | [PHP Static Analysis Tool](https://github.com/phpstan/phpstan) | &#x274C; | &#x2705; |
| phpunit 4 | [The PHP Unit Testing framework (4.x version)](https://github.com/sebastianbergmann/phpunit) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| phpunit 5 | [The PHP Unit Testing framework (5.x version)](https://github.com/sebastianbergmann/phpunit) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| phpunit 6 | [The PHP Unit Testing framework (6.x version)](https://github.com/sebastianbergmann/phpunit) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| phpunit 7 | [The PHP Unit Testing framework (7.x version)](https://github.com/sebastianbergmann/phpunit) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| phpunit 8 | [The PHP Unit Testing framework (8.x version)](https://github.com/sebastianbergmann/phpunit) | &#x274C; | &#x2705; |
| phpunit 9 | [The PHP Unit Testing framework (9.x version)](https://github.com/sebastianbergmann/phpunit) | &#x274C; | &#x2705; |
| pickle | [PHP Extension installer](https://github.com/FriendsOfPHP/pickle) | &#x274C; | &#x2705; |
| pip v2 | [The Python package installer (2.x version)](https://github.com/pypa/pip) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| pip v3 | [The Python package installer (3.x version)](https://github.com/pypa/pip) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| psalm | [Finds errors in PHP applications](https://github.com/vimeo/psalm) | &#x274C; | &#x2705; |
| stylelint | [Styles linter](https://github.com/stylelint/stylelint) | &#x2705; | &#x274C; |
| symfony-cli | [Symfony CLI](https://github.com/symfony/cli) | &#x2705; | &#x274C; |
| symfony-installer | [The Symfony Installer](https://github.com/symfony/symfony-installer) | &#x2705; | &#x274C; |
| tig | [Text-mode interface for git](https://github.com/jonas/tig) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| wp-cli | [WP-CLI framework](https://github.com/wp-cli/wp-cli) | &#x2705; | &#x274C; |
| wkhtmltopdf | [Convert HTML to PDF using Webkit](https://github.com/wkhtmltopdf/wkhtmltopdf) | &#x2705; | &#x274C; |
| yamllint | [A linter for YAML files](https://github.com/adrienverge/yamllint) | &#x2705; | &#x274C; |
| yarn | [Yarn](https://github.com/yarnpkg/berry) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| yq | [Command-line YAML processor](https://github.com/mikefarah/yq) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |

**WARNING**

* `jsonlint` will not be included because it can be replaced by [mega-linter](https://github.com/nvuillam/mega-linter)
* `linkcheck` will not be included because it can be replaced by [mega-linter](https://github.com/nvuillam/mega-linter)
* `stylelint` will not be included because it can be replaced by [mega-linter](https://github.com/nvuillam/mega-linter)
* `yamllint` will not be included because it can be replaced by [mega-linter](https://github.com/nvuillam/mega-linter)

Commit message:

add support to phpbu tools

ROADMAP.md, after:

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD036 -->
# Roadmap

Current status reflect the contents of the master branch of this repository.

## PHP modules compare

**Legend**:

* &#x2705; available in project
* &#x274C; not available in project
* &#x2714; always enabled and cannot be disabled

| Name | Description | Devilbox | this project |
| :--- | :---------- | :------- | :----------- |
| | Total available | 103 | 113 |
| amqp | [The amqp PHP Extension](https://pecl.php.net/package/amqp) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| apc | [The apc PHP Extension](https://pecl.php.net/package/APC) | &#x2705; | &#x274C; |
| apcu | [The apcu PHP Extension](https://pecl.php.net/package/APCu) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| ast | [The ast PHP Extension](https://pecl.php.net/package/ast)    | &#x274C; | &#x2705; |
| bcmath | [The bcmath PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/bcmath) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| blackfire | [The blackfire probe Extension](https://www.blackfire.io/) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| bz2 | [The bz2 PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/bz2) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| calendar | [The calendar PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/calendar) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| Core | The Core PHP Extension | &#x2714; | &#x2714; |
| ctype | [The ctype PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/ctype) | &#x2714; | &#x2714; |
| curl | [The curl PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/curl) | &#x2714; | &#x2714; |
| date | [The date PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/date) | &#x2714; | &#x2714; |
| dba | [The dba PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/dba) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| dom | [The dom PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/dom) | &#x2714; | &#x2714; |
| enchant | [The enchant PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/enchant) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| ereg | [The ereg PHP Extension](https://pecl.php.net/package/ereg) | &#x2714; | &#x2714; |
| exif | [The exif PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/exif) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| ffi | [The FFI PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/ffi) | &#x2714; | &#x2714; |
| fileinfo | [The fileinfo PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/fileinfo) | &#x2714; | &#x2714; |
| filter | [The filter PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/filter) | &#x2714; | &#x2714; |
| ftp | [The ftp PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/ftp) | &#x2714; | &#x2714; |
| gd | [The gd PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/gd) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| geoip | [The geoip PHP Extension](https://pecl.php.net/package/geoip) | &#x274C; | &#x2705; |
| gettext | [The gettext PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/gettext) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| gmp | [The gmp PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/gmp) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| hash | [The hash PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/hash) | &#x2714; | &#x2714; |
| http | [The http PHP Extension](https://pecl.php.net/package/pecl_http) | &#x274C; | &#x2705; |
| iconv | [The iconv PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/iconv) | &#x2714; | &#x2714; |
| igbinary | [The igbinary PHP Extension](https://pecl.php.net/package/igbinary) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| imagick | [The imagick PHP Extension](https://pecl.php.net/package/imagick) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| imap | [The imap PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/imap) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| interbase | [The interbase PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/PHP-7.3/ext/interbase) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| intl | [The intl PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/intl) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| ioncube | [Loader for ionCube Secured Files](https://www.ioncube.com/loaders.php) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| jsmin | [The jsmin PHP Extension](https://pecl.php.net/package/jsmin) | &#x274C; | &#x2705; |
| json   | [The json PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/json) | &#x2714; | &#x2714; |
| ldap | [The ldap PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/ldap) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| libxml | [The libxml PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/libxml) | &#x2714; | &#x2714; |
| lzf | [The lzf PHP Extension](https://pecl.php.net/package/lzf) | &#x274C; | &#x2705; |
| mailparse | [The mailparse PHP Extension](https://pecl.php.net/package/mailparse) | &#x274C; | &#x2705; |
| mbstring | [The mbstring PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/mbstring) | &#x2714; | &#x2714; |
| mcrypt | [The mcrypt PHP Extension](https://pecl.php.net/package/mcrypt) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| memcache | [The memcache PHP Extension](https://pecl.php.net/package/memcache) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| memcached | [The memcached PHP Extension](https://pecl.php.net/package/memcached) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| mhash | The mhash PHP Extension | &#x2714; | &#x2714; |
| mongo | [The mongo PHP Extension](https://pecl.php.net/package/mongo) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| mongodb | [The mongodb PHP Extension](https://pecl.php.net/package/mongodb) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| msgpack | [The msgpack PHP Extension](https://pecl.php.net/package/msgpack) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| mysql | [The mysql PHP Extension](https://pecl.php.net/package/mysql) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| mysqli | [The mysqli PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/mysqli) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| mysqlnd | [The mysqlnd PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/mysqlnd) | &#x2714; | &#x2714; |
| oauth | [The oauth PHP Extension](https://pecl.php.net/package/oauth) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| oci8 | [The oci8 PHP Extension](https://pecl.php.net/package/oci8) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| opcache | [The opcache PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/Zend) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| openssl | [The openssl PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/openssl) | &#x2714; | &#x2714; |
| pcntl | [The pcntl PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/pcntl) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| pcre | [The pcre PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/pcre) | &#x2714; | &#x2714; |
| pdo | [The pdo PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/pdo) | &#x2714; | &#x2714; |
| pdo_dblib | [The pdo_dblib PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/pdo_dblib) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| pdo_firebird | [The pdo_firebird PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/pdo_firebird) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| pdo_mysql | [The pdo_mysql PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/pdo_mysql) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| pdo_oci | [The pdo_oci PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/pdo_oci) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| pdo_odbc | [The pdo_odbc PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/pdo_odbc) | &#x274C; | &#x2705; |
| pdo_pgsql | [The pdo_pgsql PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/pdo_pgsql) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| pdo_sqlite | [The pdo_sqlite PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/pdo_sqlite) | &#x2714; | &#x2714; |
| pdo_sqlsrv | [The pdo_sqlsrv PHP Extension](https://pecl.php.net/package/pdo_sqlsrv) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| pgsql | [The pgsql PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/pgsql) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| phalcon | [The phalcon PHP Extension](https://pecl.php.net/package/phalcon) | &#x2705; | &#x274C; |
| phar | [The phar PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/phar) | &#x2714; | &#x2714; |
| posix | [The posix PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/posix) | &#x2714; | &#x2714; |
| pspell | [The pspell PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/pspell) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| psr | [The psr PHP Extension](https://pecl.php.net/package/psr) | &#x2705; | &#x274C; |
| raphf | [The raphf PHP Extension](https://pecl.php.net/package/raphf) | &#x274C; | &#x2705; |
| rdkafka | [The rdkafka PHP Extension](https://pecl.php.net/package/rdkafka) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| readline | [The readline PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/readline) | &#x2714; | &#x2714; |
| recode | [The recode PHP Extension](https://pecl.php.net/package/recode) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| redis | [The redis PHP Extension](https://pecl.php.net/package/redis) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| reflection | [The reflection PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/reflection) | &#x2714; | &#x2714; |
| session | [The session PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/session) | &#x2714; | &#x2714; |
| shmop | [The shmop PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/shmop) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| simplexml | [The simplexml PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/simplexml) | &#x2714; | &#x2714; |
| snmp | [The snmp PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/snmp) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| soap | [The soap PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/soap) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| sockets | [The sockets PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/sockets) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| sodium | [The sodium PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/sodium) | &#x2714; | &#x2714; |
| solr | [The solr PHP Extension](https://pecl.php.net/package/solr) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| spl | [The spl PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/spl) | &#x2714; | &#x2714; |
| sqlite | [The sqlite PHP Extension](https://pecl.php.net/package/SQLite) | &#x2714; | &#x2714; |
| sqlsrv | [The sqlsrv PHP Extension](https://pecl.php.net/package/sqlsrv) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| sqlite3 | [The sqlite3 PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/sqlite3) | &#x2714; | &#x2714; |
| ssh2 | [The ssh2 PHP Extension](https://pecl.php.net/package/ssh2) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| standard | [The standard PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/standard) | &#x2714; | &#x2714; |
| stomp | [The stomp PHP Extension](https://pecl.php.net/package/stomp) | &#x274C; | &#x2705; |
| swoole | [The swoole PHP Extension](https://pecl.php.net/package/swoole) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| sysvmsg | [The sysvmsg PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/sysvmsg) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| sysvsem | [The sysvsem PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/sysvsem) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| sysvshm | [The sysvshm PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/sysvshm) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| tidy | [The tidy PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/tidy) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| tokenizer | [The tokenizer PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/tokenizer) | &#x2714; | &#x2714; |
| uploadprogress | [The uploadprogress PHP Extension](https://pecl.php.net/package/uploadprogress) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| uuid | [The uuid PHP Extension](https://pecl.php.net/package/uuid) | &#x274C; | &#x2705; |
| vips | [The vips PHP Extension](https://pecl.php.net/package/vips) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| wddx | [The wddx PHP Extension](https://pecl.php.net/package/wddx) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| xdebug | [The xdebug PHP Extension](https://pecl.php.net/package/xdebug) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| xhprof | [The xhprof PHP Extension](https://pecl.php.net/package/xhprof) | &#x274C; | &#x2705; |
| xlswriter | [The xlswriter PHP Extension](https://pecl.php.net/package/xlswriter) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| xml | [The xml PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/xml) | &#x2714; | &#x2714; |
| xmldiff | [The xmldiff PHP Extension](https://pecl.php.net/package/xmldiff) | &#x274C; | &#x2705; |
| xmlreader | [The xmlreader PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/xmlreader) | &#x2714; | &#x2714; |
| xmlrpc | [The xmlrpc PHP Extension](https://pecl.php.net/package/xmlrpc) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| xmlwriter | [The xmlwriter PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/xmlwriter) | &#x2714; | &#x2714; |
| yaml | [The yaml PHP Extension](https://pecl.php.net/package/yaml) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| yar | [The yar PHP Extension](https://pecl.php.net/package/yar) | &#x274C; | &#x2705; |
| xsl | [The xsl PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/xsl) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| zip | [The zip PHP Extension](https://pecl.php.net/package/zip) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| zlib | [The zlib PHP Extension](https://github.com/php/php-src/tree/master/ext/zlib) | &#x2714; | &#x2714; |

## Tools compare

**Legend**:

* &#x2705; available in project
* &#x274C; not available in project

| Name | Description | Devilbox | this project |
| :--- | :---------- | :------- | :----------- |
| | Total available | 39 | 37 |
| awesome-ci | [Awesome Continuous Integration](https://github.com/cytopia/awesome-ci) | &#x2705; | &#x274C; |
| box | [Fast, zero config application bundler with PHARs](https://github.com/box-project/box) | &#x274C; | &#x2705; |
| cachetool | [CLI application and library to manage apc and opcache](https://github.com/gordalina/cachetool) | &#x274C; | &#x2705; |
| composer | [Dependency Manager for PHP](https://github.com/composer/composer) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| deployer | [A deployment tool written in PHP](https://github.com/deployphp/deployer) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| drupalconsole | [The Drupal CLI](https://github.com/hechoendrupal/drupal-console) | &#x2705; | &#x274C; |
| drush 7 |  | &#x2705; | &#x274C; |
| drush 8 |  | &#x2705; | &#x274C; |
| drush 9 |  | &#x2705; | &#x274C; |
| git | [Git is a free and open source distributed version control system](https://git-scm.com/) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| gitflow | [Git extensions to provide high-level repository operations](https://github.com/nvie/gitflow) | &#x2705; | &#x274C; |
| graphviz | [Graph Visualization Tools](https://graphviz.org/) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| homebrew | [The missing package manager for macOS or Linux](https://github.com/Homebrew/brew) | &#x2705; | &#x274C; |
| htop | [Interactive process viewer](https://github.com/htop-dev/htop) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| httpie | [Httpie](https://github.com/httpie/httpie) | &#x274C; | &#x2705; |
| http-prompt | [Httpie](https://github.com/httpie/http-prompt) | &#x274C; | &#x2705; |
| jq | [Command-line JSON processor](https://github.com/stedolan/jq) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| jsonlint | [A JSON parser and validator for CLI](https://github.com/zaach/jsonlint) | &#x2705; | &#x274C; |
| laravel | [The Laravel application installer](https://github.com/laravel/installer) | &#x2705; | &#x274C; |
| linkcheck | [URLs checker](https://github.com/cytopia/linkcheck) | &#x2705; | &#x274C; |
| mhsendmail | [sendmail for MailHog](https://github.com/BlueBambooStudios/mhsendmail) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| mysqldumpsecure | [Encrypted mysqldump script with compression](https://github.com/cytopia/mysqldump-secure) | &#x2705; | &#x274C; |
| nvm | [Node Version Manager](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| phalcon-devtools | [Phalcon Developer Tools](https://github.com/phalcon/phalcon-devtools) | &#x2705; | &#x274C; |
| photon-installer | [Photon CMS Installer](https://github.com/photoncms/installer) | &#x2705; | &#x274C; |
| phive | [The PHAR Installation and Verification Environment](https://github.com/phar-io/phive) | &#x274C; | &#x2705; |
| php-cs-fixer | [PHP Coding Standards Fixer](https://github.com/FriendsOfPHP/PHP-CS-Fixer) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| phpbu | [PHP Backup Utility](https://github.com/sebastianfeldmann/phpbu) | &#x274C; | &#x2705; |
| phpbench | [PHP Benchmarking framework](https://github.com/phpbench/phpbench) | &#x274C; | &#x2705; |
| phpcbf | [Automatically corrects coding standard violations](https://github.com/squizlabs/PHP_CodeSniffer) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| phpcs | [Detects coding standard violations](https://github.com/squizlabs/PHP_CodeSniffer) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| phpdd | [PHP Deprecation Detector](https://github.com/wapmorgan/PhpDeprecationDetector) | &#x274C; | &#x2705; |
| phpdoc | [PHP Documentor](https://github.com/phpdocumentor/phpdocumentor) | &#x274C; | &#x2705; |
| phplint v2 | [Checks PHP file syntax](https://github.com/overtrue/phplint) | &#x274C; | &#x2705; |
| phplint v3 | [Checks PHP file syntax](https://github.com/overtrue/phplint) | &#x274C; | &#x2705; |
| phpmd | [Find problems in PHP code](https://github.com/phpmd/phpmd) | &#x2705; | &#x274C; |
| phpmnd | [PHP Magic Number Detector](https://github.com/povils/phpmnd) | &#x274C; | &#x2705; |
| phpstan | [PHP Static Analysis Tool](https://github.com/phpstan/phpstan) | &#x274C; | &#x2705; |
| phpunit 4 | [The PHP Unit Testing framework (4.x version)](https://github.com/sebastianbergmann/phpunit) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| phpunit 5 | [The PHP Unit Testing framework (5.x version)](https://github.com/sebastianbergmann/phpunit) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| phpunit 6 | [The PHP Unit Testing framework (6.x version)](https://github.com/sebastianbergmann/phpunit) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| phpunit 7 | [The PHP Unit Testing framework (7.x version)](https://github.com/sebastianbergmann/phpunit) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| phpunit 8 | [The PHP Unit Testing framework (8.x version)](https://github.com/sebastianbergmann/phpunit) | &#x274C; | &#x2705; |
| phpunit 9 | [The PHP Unit Testing framework (9.x version)](https://github.com/sebastianbergmann/phpunit) | &#x274C; | &#x2705; |
| pickle | [PHP Extension installer](https://github.com/FriendsOfPHP/pickle) | &#x274C; | &#x2705; |
| pip v2 | [The Python package installer (2.x version)](https://github.com/pypa/pip) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| pip v3 | [The Python package installer (3.x version)](https://github.com/pypa/pip) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| psalm | [Finds errors in PHP applications](https://github.com/vimeo/psalm) | &#x274C; | &#x2705; |
| stylelint | [Styles linter](https://github.com/stylelint/stylelint) | &#x2705; | &#x274C; |
| symfony-cli | [Symfony CLI](https://github.com/symfony/cli) | &#x2705; | &#x274C; |
| symfony-installer | [The Symfony Installer](https://github.com/symfony/symfony-installer) | &#x2705; | &#x274C; |
| tig | [Text-mode interface for git](https://github.com/jonas/tig) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| wp-cli | [WP-CLI framework](https://github.com/wp-cli/wp-cli) | &#x2705; | &#x274C; |
| wkhtmltopdf | [Convert HTML to PDF using Webkit](https://github.com/wkhtmltopdf/wkhtmltopdf) | &#x2705; | &#x274C; |
| yamllint | [A linter for YAML files](https://github.com/adrienverge/yamllint) | &#x2705; | &#x274C; |
| yarn | [Yarn](https://github.com/yarnpkg/berry) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| yq | [Command-line YAML processor](https://github.com/mikefarah/yq) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |

**WARNING**

* `jsonlint` will not be included because it can be replaced by [mega-linter](https://github.com/nvuillam/mega-linter)
* `linkcheck` will not be included because it can be replaced by [mega-linter](https://github.com/nvuillam/mega-linter)
* `mysqldumpsecure` will not be included because it can be replaced by [phpbu](https://github.com/sebastianfeldmann/phpbu)
* `stylelint` will not be included because it can be replaced by [mega-linter](https://github.com/nvuillam/mega-linter)
* `yamllint` will not be included because it can be replaced by [mega-linter](https://github.com/nvuillam/mega-linter)
