docs/appendix/tools.md, before:

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD013 MD033 -->
# Available tools

**Legend**:

* &#x2705; available with PHP version
* &#x274C; not available with PHP version

<!-- MARKDOWN-TABLE:START -->
| Name | Description | <sup>PHP 5.6</sup> | <sup>PHP 7.0</sup> | <sup>PHP 7.1</sup> | <sup>PHP 7.2</sup> | <sup>PHP 7.3</sup> | <sup>PHP 7.4</sup> | <sup>PHP 8.0</sup> | <sup>PHP 8.1</sup> | <sup>PHP 8.2</sup> |
| :--- | :---------- | :------ | :------ | :------ | :------ | :------ | :------ | :------ | :------ | :------ |
| | Total available: 55 | 33 | 34 | 36 | 40 | 44 | 44 | 45 | 46 | 48 |
| asciinema | [Terminal session recorder](https://github.com/asciinema/asciinema) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| box v4 | [Fast, zero config application bundler with PHARs](https://github.com/box-project/box) | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| box-manifest v2 | [Create a manifest to a PHP Archive (PHAR) for the BOX project](https://github.com/llaville/box-manifest) | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| cachetool 6 | [CLI application and library to manage apc and opcache (6.x version)](https://github.com/gordalina/cachetool) | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| cachetool 7 | [CLI application and library to manage apc and opcache (7.x version)](https://github.com/gordalina/cachetool) | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| cachetool 8 | [CLI application and library to manage apc and opcache (8.x version)](https://github.com/gordalina/cachetool) | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| cachetool 9 | [CLI application and library to manage apc and opcache (9.x version)](https://github.com/gordalina/cachetool) | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| composer | [Dependency Manager for PHP (2.x version)](https://github.com/composer/composer) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| deployer 2 | [A deployment tool for PHP (2.x versions)](https://github.com/deployphp/deployer) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| deployer 3 | [A deployment tool for PHP (3.x versions)](https://github.com/deployphp/deployer) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| deployer 4 | [A deployment tool for PHP (4.x versions)](https://github.com/deployphp/deployer) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| deployer 5 | [A deployment tool for PHP (5.x versions)](https://github.com/deployphp/deployer) | &#x274C; | &#x2705; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; |
| deployer 6 | [A deployment tool for PHP (6.x versions)](https://github.com/deployphp/deployer) | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| deployer 7 | [A deployment tool for PHP (7.x versions)](https://github.com/deployphp/deployer) | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| graphviz | [Graph Visualization Tools](https://graphviz.org/) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| htop | [Interactive process viewer](https://github.com/htop-dev/htop) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| HTTP Prompt | [An interactive command-line HTTP and API testing client built on top of HTTPie](https://github.com/httpie/http-prompt) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| HTTPie | [A modern user-friendly command-line HTTP client for the API era](https://github.com/httpie/httpie) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| jq | [Command-line JSON processor](https://github.com/stedolan/jq) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| Laravel Installer | [The PHP Framework for Web Artisans](https://github.com/laravel/installer) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| mhsendmail | [sendmail for MailHog](https://github.com/BlueBambooStudios/mhsendmail) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| nvm | [Node Version Manager](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| OpenJDK | [Standard Java or Java compatible Runtime (headless)](https://openjdk.java.net/projects/jdk/) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| OpenJDK | [OpenJDK Java runtime, using Hotspot JIT (headless) (JDK 17 LTS)](https://openjdk.java.net/projects/jdk/17) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| OpenJDK | [OpenJDK Java runtime, using Hotspot JIT (headless) (JDK 11 LTS)](https://openjdk.java.net/projects/jdk/11) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| phive | [The PHAR Installation and Verification Environment](https://github.com/phar-io/phive) | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| php-cs-fixer 2 | [PHP Coding Standards Fixer (2.x versions)](https://github.com/FriendsOfPHP/PHP-CS-Fixer) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; |
| php-cs-fixer 3 | [PHP Coding Standards Fixer (3.x versions)](https://github.com/FriendsOfPHP/PHP-CS-Fixer) | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| phpbench | [PHP Benchmarking framework](https://github.com/phpbench/phpbench) | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x274C; | &#x2705; |
| phpbu 6 | [PHP Backup Utility (6.x version)](https://github.com/sebastianfeldmann/phpbu) | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x274C; | &#x2705; |
| phpcbf 2 | [Automatically corrects coding standard violations](https://github.com/squizlabs/PHP_CodeSniffer) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| phpcbf 3 | [Automatically corrects coding standard violations](https://github.com/squizlabs/PHP_CodeSniffer) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| phpcs 2 | [PHP_CodeSniffer detects violations of a defined set of coding standards](https://github.com/squizlabs/PHP_CodeSniffer) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| phpcs 3 | [PHP_CodeSniffer detects violations of a defined set of coding standards](https://github.com/squizlabs/PHP_CodeSniffer) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| phpdd | [Finds usage of deprecated features](https://github.com/wapmorgan/PhpDeprecationDetector) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| phpdoc | [Documentation Generator for PHP](https://github.com/phpdocumentor/phpdocumentor) | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| phplint v2 | [Checks PHP file syntax](https://github.com/overtrue/phplint) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; |
| phplint v3 | [Checks PHP file syntax](https://github.com/overtrue/phplint) | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| phpmnd | [PHP Magic Number Detector](https://github.com/povils/phpmnd) | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| phpstan | [PHP Static Analysis Tool](https://github.com/phpstan/phpstan) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| phpunit 10 | [The PHP Unit Testing framework (10.x version)](https://github.com/sebastianbergmann/phpunit) | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| phpunit 4 | [The PHP Unit Testing framework (4.x version)](https://github.com/sebastianbergmann/phpunit) | &#x2705; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; |
| phpunit 5 | [The PHP Unit Testing framework (5.x version)](https://github.com/sebastianbergmann/phpunit) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; |
| phpunit 6 | [The PHP Unit Testing framework (6.x version)](https://github.com/sebastianbergmann/phpunit) | &#x274C; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; |
| phpunit 7 | [The PHP Unit Testing framework (7.x version)](https://github.com/sebastianbergmann/phpunit) | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; |
| phpunit 8 | [The PHP Unit Testing framework (8.x version)](https://github.com/sebastianbergmann/phpunit) | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| phpunit 9 | [The PHP Unit Testing framework (9.x version)](https://github.com/sebastianbergmann/phpunit) | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| pickle | [PHP Extension installer](https://github.com/FriendsOfPHP/pickle) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| pip v2 | [The Python package installer (2.x version)](https://github.com/pypa/pip) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| pip v3 | [The Python package installer (3.x version)](https://github.com/pypa/pip) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| psalm | [Finds errors in PHP applications](https://github.com/vimeo/psalm) | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| tig | [Text-mode interface for git](https://github.com/jonas/tig) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| WordPress CLI | [WP-CLI is the command-line interface for WordPress.](https://github.com/wp-cli/wp-cli) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| yarn | [Yarn is a package manager that doubles down as project manager](https://github.com/yarnpkg/berry) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| yq | [Command-line YAML processor](https://github.com/mikefarah/yq) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
<!-- MARKDOWN-TABLE:END -->

Commit message:

add support to BOX Manifest v3

docs/appendix/tools.md, after:

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD013 MD033 -->
# Available tools

**Legend**:

* &#x2705; available with PHP version
* &#x274C; not available with PHP version

<!-- MARKDOWN-TABLE:START -->
| Name | Description | <sup>PHP 5.6</sup> | <sup>PHP 7.0</sup> | <sup>PHP 7.1</sup> | <sup>PHP 7.2</sup> | <sup>PHP 7.3</sup> | <sup>PHP 7.4</sup> | <sup>PHP 8.0</sup> | <sup>PHP 8.1</sup> | <sup>PHP 8.2</sup> |
| :--- | :---------- | :------ | :------ | :------ | :------ | :------ | :------ | :------ | :------ | :------ |
| | Total available: 56 | 33 | 34 | 36 | 40 | 44 | 44 | 45 | 47 | 49 |
| asciinema | [Terminal session recorder](https://github.com/asciinema/asciinema) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| box v4 | [Fast, zero config application bundler with PHARs](https://github.com/box-project/box) | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| box-manifest v2 | [Create a manifest to a PHP Archive (PHAR) for the BOX project](https://github.com/llaville/box-manifest) | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| box-manifest v3 | [Create a manifest to a PHP Archive (PHAR) for the BOX project](https://github.com/llaville/box-manifest) | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| cachetool 6 | [CLI application and library to manage apc and opcache (6.x version)](https://github.com/gordalina/cachetool) | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| cachetool 7 | [CLI application and library to manage apc and opcache (7.x version)](https://github.com/gordalina/cachetool) | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| cachetool 8 | [CLI application and library to manage apc and opcache (8.x version)](https://github.com/gordalina/cachetool) | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| cachetool 9 | [CLI application and library to manage apc and opcache (9.x version)](https://github.com/gordalina/cachetool) | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| composer | [Dependency Manager for PHP (2.x version)](https://github.com/composer/composer) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| deployer 2 | [A deployment tool for PHP (2.x versions)](https://github.com/deployphp/deployer) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| deployer 3 | [A deployment tool for PHP (3.x versions)](https://github.com/deployphp/deployer) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| deployer 4 | [A deployment tool for PHP (4.x versions)](https://github.com/deployphp/deployer) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| deployer 5 | [A deployment tool for PHP (5.x versions)](https://github.com/deployphp/deployer) | &#x274C; | &#x2705; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; |
| deployer 6 | [A deployment tool for PHP (6.x versions)](https://github.com/deployphp/deployer) | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| deployer 7 | [A deployment tool for PHP (7.x versions)](https://github.com/deployphp/deployer) | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| graphviz | [Graph Visualization Tools](https://graphviz.org/) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| htop | [Interactive process viewer](https://github.com/htop-dev/htop) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| HTTP Prompt | [An interactive command-line HTTP and API testing client built on top of HTTPie](https://github.com/httpie/http-prompt) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| HTTPie | [A modern user-friendly command-line HTTP client for the API era](https://github.com/httpie/httpie) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| jq | [Command-line JSON processor](https://github.com/stedolan/jq) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| Laravel Installer | [The PHP Framework for Web Artisans](https://github.com/laravel/installer) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| mhsendmail | [sendmail for MailHog](https://github.com/BlueBambooStudios/mhsendmail) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| nvm | [Node Version Manager](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| OpenJDK | [Standard Java or Java compatible Runtime (headless)](https://openjdk.java.net/projects/jdk/) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| OpenJDK | [OpenJDK Java runtime, using Hotspot JIT (headless) (JDK 17 LTS)](https://openjdk.java.net/projects/jdk/17) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| OpenJDK | [OpenJDK Java runtime, using Hotspot JIT (headless) (JDK 11 LTS)](https://openjdk.java.net/projects/jdk/11) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| phive | [The PHAR Installation and Verification Environment](https://github.com/phar-io/phive) | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| php-cs-fixer 2 | [PHP Coding Standards Fixer (2.x versions)](https://github.com/FriendsOfPHP/PHP-CS-Fixer) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; |
| php-cs-fixer 3 | [PHP Coding Standards Fixer (3.x versions)](https://github.com/FriendsOfPHP/PHP-CS-Fixer) | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| phpbench | [PHP Benchmarking framework](https://github.com/phpbench/phpbench) | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x274C; | &#x2705; |
| phpbu 6 | [PHP Backup Utility (6.x version)](https://github.com/sebastianfeldmann/phpbu) | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x274C; | &#x2705; |
| phpcbf 2 | [Automatically corrects coding standard violations](https://github.com/squizlabs/PHP_CodeSniffer) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| phpcbf 3 | [Automatically corrects coding standard violations](https://github.com/squizlabs/PHP_CodeSniffer) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| phpcs 2 | [PHP_CodeSniffer detects violations of a defined set of coding standards](https://github.com/squizlabs/PHP_CodeSniffer) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| phpcs 3 | [PHP_CodeSniffer detects violations of a defined set of coding standards](https://github.com/squizlabs/PHP_CodeSniffer) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| phpdd | [Finds usage of deprecated features](https://github.com/wapmorgan/PhpDeprecationDetector) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| phpdoc | [Documentation Generator for PHP](https://github.com/phpdocumentor/phpdocumentor) | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| phplint v2 | [Checks PHP file syntax](https://github.com/overtrue/phplint) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; |
| phplint v3 | [Checks PHP file syntax](https://github.com/overtrue/phplint) | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| phpmnd | [PHP Magic Number Detector](https://github.com/povils/phpmnd) | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| phpstan | [PHP Static Analysis Tool](https://github.com/phpstan/phpstan) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| phpunit 10 | [The PHP Unit Testing framework (10.x version)](https://github.com/sebastianbergmann/phpunit) | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| phpunit 4 | [The PHP Unit Testing framework (4.x version)](https://github.com/sebastianbergmann/phpunit) | &#x2705; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; |
| phpunit 5 | [The PHP Unit Testing framework (5.x version)](https://github.com/sebastianbergmann/phpunit) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; |
| phpunit 6 | [The PHP Unit Testing framework (6.x version)](https://github.com/sebastianbergmann/phpunit) | &#x274C; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; |
| phpunit 7 | [The PHP Unit Testing framework (7.x version)](https://github.com/sebastianbergmann/phpunit) | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; |
| phpunit 8 | [The PHP Unit Testing framework (8.x version)](https://github.com/sebastianbergmann/phpunit) | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| phpunit 9 | [The PHP Unit Testing framework (9.x version)](https://github.com/sebastianbergmann/phpunit) | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| pickle | [PHP Extension installer](https://github.com/FriendsOfPHP/pickle) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| pip v2 | [The Python package installer (2.x version)](https://github.com/pypa/pip) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| pip v3 | [The Python package installer (3.x version)](https://github.com/pypa/pip) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| psalm | [Finds errors in PHP applications](https://github.com/vimeo/psalm) | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x274C; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| tig | [Text-mode interface for git](https://github.com/jonas/tig) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| WordPress CLI | [WP-CLI is the command-line interface for WordPress.](https://github.com/wp-cli/wp-cli) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| yarn | [Yarn is a package manager that doubles down as project manager](https://github.com/yarnpkg/berry) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
| yq | [Command-line YAML processor](https://github.com/mikefarah/yq) | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; | &#x2705; |
<!-- MARKDOWN-TABLE:END -->
